# Classification-of-Covid19-Images-Using-Convolutional-Neural-Network
Covid-19 virus, which has emerged in the Republic of China in an undetermined cause, has affected the whole world quickly. It is important to detect positive cases early to prevent further spread of the outbreak. In the diagnostic phase, radiological images of the chest are determinative as well as the RT-PCR (Reverse Transcription-Polymerase Chain Reaction) test. which is a convolutional neural network architecture in Covid-19 detection using chest x-ray images. Deep learning algorithms, in particular convolutional networks, have rapidly become a methodology of choice for analyzing medical images. there have been several ways to detect and diagnose COVID-19, one of which is using X-ray images. we examines the use of in-depth features and methods to process two-dimensional data from patients' X-ray images. Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) is a development of Multi-Layer Perceptron (MLP), which is specifically designed to process two-dimensional data or image data. The deep features of the fully connected layer CNN model are extracted and can be immediately classified without the need for any additional techniques. CNN method is used because of its good performance for large datasets that will be used for training and testing. In the classification process, the dataset contains x-ray images and consists of two categories, COVID-19 and normal, that represents a positive or negative classification of Covid-19 infection to a patient. To get the best accuracy of the classification model, the author changed several parameters on CNN, such as the distribution of the dataset and the number of epochs. From the nine models tested, model number 5 and 8 with a dataset ratio of 70:30 and epoch number 30 and 40 respectively, resulted in the best accuracy of 90.91%.
